Rdm 10970 (#120)
hmcts/ccd-docker: PostgresV11.md

### V11 postgres migration steps

##  Pull latest ccd docker

> * Synch all micro-services with the same branch version for instance: develop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure all micro-services running the same branch, for instance: 'develop'
```

Author: DONE

* Start ccd docker and make sure that the new container ccd-shared-database-v11 is up and running.
* uncomment ccd-shared-database-v11 section in the backend.yml
````
#This section should be commented when the pr is merged in master.

>   ccd-shared-database-v11:

Reviewer: ? 
don't we have to comment the old db?

Author: Yes , I could comment the old DB for this PR  and then we merge it  I comment the new DB, uncomment the old DB and comment the CCD_POSTGRES_11 VAR.  Should I do that ?

Author: The comments "#This section should be commented when the pr is merged in master." is a reminder for me that we should not merge in develop ccd-shared-database-v11: section .  

I removed this comments from there .  I am going to add these notes in another place

    build: ../database-v11
    healthcheck:
      interval: 10s
      timeout: 10s
      retries: 10
    environment:
      DB_USERNAME:
      DB_PASSWORD:
      POSTGRES_HOST_AUTH_METHOD: trust
    ports:
      - 5055:5432
    volumes:
      - ccd-docker-ccd-shared-database-data-v11:/var/lib/postgresql/data
    networks:
      - ccd-network

````

##  Backup all DB containers
* get your container id for instance: a210d7e11a5b
```
docker ps | grep compose_ccd-shared-database_1
```
* Backup all Dbs in a dumpfile file
```
docker exec -it a210d7e11a5b  /usr/bin/pg_dumpall -U  postgres  > dumpfile
```
* get your container id of the V11 DB for instance: 36a8eb5cccba
```
docker ps | grep compose_ccd-shared-database_1-V11
````
* copy the dumpfile to the V11 container DB
```
docker cp dumpfile 36a8eb5cccba:/home
```
* Import dumpfile in to your new DB V11
```
bash the container
docker exec -it 36a8eb5cccba bash

> change permission to your dumpfile file

Reviewer: are you missing the `*` here and in some of the lines below?

Author: DONE

chmod 777 /home/dumpfile

su user
su - postgres
cd /home/

import the file and wait .....
psql < dumpfile

Check db data
psql
SELECT datname FROM pg_database;
\dt
select * from event;
````
##  Settings
* add CCD_POSTGRES_11 in your bash fie

> * export CCD_POSTGRES_11=ccd-shared-database-v11

Author: DONE
